---
date: 2024-03-17 08:59:34
layout: post
title: "AT Blog: Day 2 and 3"
subtitle: 'First Trail Magic!'
description:
image: https://imgur.com/a/mhJtzRS.jpeg
optimized_image:
category:
tags:
  - blog
  - AT
  - Appalachian Trail
  - Trail
  - Hiking
author: Hudson Brock
paginate: false
---

# Day 2: Stover Creek to Gooch Gap

Pack up camp at stover creek, leave around 8 am.

Refill water on creek on trail. Run into John again on trail (he was at stover creek) he stopped by the side trail going to the falls.

Pass by a cemetery and see army Rangers also meet couple from Tennessee they know someone from my elementary school.

Sassafras mountain is a killer, meet up with John and meet Ihsan and Half Pint on the way up.

On the downhill to cooper's gap and meet Max 4ster first trail magic had fresh water and supplies and gave me a tootsie roll pop which I really enjoyed. Gave me the energy to keep going.

Stop at Gooch shelter with John and Ihsan again John decides to stay there the night and Ihsan and I continue forth with the promise of trail magic at gooch gap.

Gooch gap has more trail magic from a hostel in Hampton Tennessee. They gave me a burger a brotwort and a cherry coke (probably not the best combo after a day of hiking I learned) they also had a tv and battery which we watched Point Break on. It was a lot of fun!

Unfortunately didn't get to know many of the people there that night as all of them had decided to only go to Lance Creek the next day (instead of adding another 8 miles to get beyond the bear can zone) Ihsan and later half pint got food but decided to head to woody gap that afternoon I was pretty pooped so I didn't want to go further.

Day 3: Gooch Gap to Bull Gap Campground


Gooch gap to bulls campsite 15.5 miles

Woke up early and left camp around 7:40. My stomach was upset so I rejected trail magic breakfast unfortunately.

I think I saw Auggies tent going past Ramrock mountains, but didn't hear anything so I did not wake him. Not many hikers on trail saw a few day hikers. Stopped by Woody gap to use the restroom (they were out of toilet paper and I used my own) some good views but I kept pushing worried about rain.

When I got till lance creek I ran into Half pint again she and a few others stayed at a hostel the previous night. We chatted for a minute then I went on ahead.

At Jarrard gap I ran into Ihsan again and we chatted for a few minutes he regretted not seeing the movie but was happy at the hostel, I was kinda jealous to be honest they went again.

On the way up the mountain I was alone but felt great. Blood mountain was not as difficult as expected. I ran into the Duncan trail which goes to a great state park but I didn't want to waste time.

At the top I ran into Ihsan again again at the historic shelter. We chatted and snacked and were thankful that no rain hit us on the way up. Soon Auggie, Half Pint, John and Waywalker caught up and we all shared the shelter as it started to sprinkle.

Soon we all started up, Auggie leading the group with me next and John and Waywalker close behind. We slowly desperately but I slowed down so the people behind caught up to me.

The trip was not horrible but the stone pathways made it slow going.

At neels gap there is an outfitters there that had bunkbeds and food. Unfortunately they just ran out cause I didn't get in line immediately but I was OK because they had MICROWAVE PIZZAS. I ate one talked to Ihsan and half pint for a few minutes. I decided to go to Bulls Gap campsite to get sleep.

At bulls gap I was by myself and the listed water source (I forgot to fill at neels gap) was a quarter of a mile down the hill with a poorly marked trail. Not fun at the end. I set up tent and prepped for rain





